R_DEF: Internal format may change without notice
local
color theme_black_accent
color theme_black_dark
color theme_black_primary
color theme_blown_accent
color theme_blue_accent
color theme_blue_dark
color theme_blue_primary
color theme_brown_dark
color theme_brown_primary
color theme_cyan_accent
color theme_cyan_dark
color theme_cyan_primary
color theme_green_accent
color theme_green_dark
color theme_green_primary
color theme_grey_accent
color theme_grey_dark
color theme_grey_primary
color theme_light_blue_accent
color theme_orange_dark
color theme_orange_primary
color theme_pink_accent
color theme_pink_dark
color theme_pink_primary
color theme_purple_accent
color theme_purple_dark
color theme_purple_primary
color theme_red_accent
color theme_red_dark
color theme_red_primary
color theme_teal_accent
color theme_teal_dark
color theme_teal_primary
color theme_white_accent
color theme_white_dark
color theme_white_primary
mipmap ic_launcher
string app_name
style Theme_Light
style Theme_Light.Black
style Theme_Light.Blue
style Theme_Light.Brown
style Theme_Light.Cyan
style Theme_Light.Default
style Theme_Light.Green
style Theme_Light.Grey
style Theme_Light.Orange
style Theme_Light.Pink
style Theme_Light.Purple
style Theme_Light.Red
style Theme_Light.Teal
style Theme_Light.White
